README.md, before:

# FOSS-Weekend-2024

## About
[Equinox'24](https://equinox.iiitl.ac.in/) presents a 2 day long event **FOSS Weekend** presented by **GitHub** and [**Axios**](http://axios.iiitl.ac.in/), where participants will get the opportunity to handle issues related to the technology that interests you and win exciting prizes from GitHub. This event will be a great chance for growing developers of 1st year to practice and brush up their skills in git, which is a very essential part of their learning journey.

**Event Timeline:** 12:01 AM 15th March to 11:59 PM 17th March, 2024

<p align="center">
  <img width="460" src="https://github.com/iiitl/FOSS-Weekend-2024/assets/11803841/9103048c-2813-479b-94c7-710ea94a37c7">
</p>

## Instructions

- Create a pull request for the issues and/or instructions highlighted in the readme of the following projects. 
- Try to complete the `must do` tasks before you move further, because they will give you a very good foundational knowledge about git by visiting the repositories, and looking through the issues. 
- The issues are tagged *easy*, to *hard* depending on difficulty. 
- You should try to start by trying to solve the easy issues before progressing to the harder ones.

Choose from a wide range of projects in Git, Web Development, Web3, App Development, ML, and Scripting.

Keep an eye on the leaderboard to see how you're faring against the competition.

Climb to the top of the leaderboard and win some amazing prizes! 


### Special Instructions for `to-be-assigned` labelled issues:
- If the issue has a `to-be-assigned` label, ask for the issue to be assigned to you, and start working on it only after you recieve confirmation that you have been assigned. These issues will be assigned only to 3 participants on a first come first serve basis, and each of them will have to submit a PR fixing it within 3 hours from the time of assignment. (You can ask for more time if you require it)

- If you realise after getting yourself assigned an issue, that you cannot work on it due to any reason, be sure to unassign yourself, to give a chance to others who may want to work on the issue. Also leave a comment informing everyone that this issue is again open to assignment.

## Good practices (must read before starting)
- **Write clear and concise pull request descriptions**: Explain the changes you made, and how they impact the project. You may add a SS, gif or a small video of your changes made if possible.
- **Mention issue numbers**: When creating a PR, [reference the issue number](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) (for eg: `fixes #123`) in your PR description which lets github know to automatically close the issue when your PR is merged.
- **Use descriptive and concise commit messages**: Summarize the changes made in each commit, including the issue number if applicable.
- **Create separate branches for new features**: create a new branch from main/master for each new features or bug fixes you are working on.
- **Regularly merge from the main branch**: To keep your branches up-to-date, regularly merge changes from the main branch into your feature branches.

### Repos

1. Web3
- https://github.com/iiitl/Realty

2. App Dev
- https://github.com/iiitl/translate_app - The repository contains a Flutter application designed for text translation, offering users a seamless and intuitive interface for translating messages into various languages.
- https://github.com/iiitl/Chat_buddy - ChatBuddy is a Flutter app facilitating real-time communication and interaction among users through Firebase services.
- https://github.com/iiitl/Jumble-Words - Jumble Words is a single player game app made using kotlin that displays scrambled words. To play the game, player has to make a word using all the letters from the displayed scrambled word.
- https://github.com/iiitl/Media-Player

4. ML
- https://github.com/iiitl/Classification
- https://github.com/iiitl/Regression

5. Web Dev
- https://github.com/iiitl/Wollete
- https://github.com/iiitl/crypto_project_foss_weekend
- https://github.com/iiitl/Sattebazi
- https://github.com/iiitl/snake-game-js - A classic Snake game built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This simple game allows players to control a snake,  eat food and grow longer while avoiding collisions.
- https://github.com/iiitl/GitHub-finder
- https://github.com/iiitl/mern-auth - A MERN stack project featuring user authentication and a CRUD application for basic task management.
- https://github.com/iiitl/NOTE-GENERATOR

Commit message:

Add fork and clone instructions.

README.md, after:

# FOSS-Weekend-2024

## About
[Equinox'24](https://equinox.iiitl.ac.in/) presents a 2 day long event **FOSS Weekend** presented by **GitHub** and [**Axios**](http://axios.iiitl.ac.in/), where participants will get the opportunity to handle issues related to the technology that interests you and win exciting prizes from GitHub. This event will be a great chance for growing developers of 1st year to practice and brush up their skills in git, which is a very essential part of their learning journey.

**Event Timeline:** 12:01 AM 15th March to 11:59 PM 17th March, 2024

<p align="center">
  <img width="460" src="https://github.com/iiitl/FOSS-Weekend-2024/assets/11803841/9103048c-2813-479b-94c7-710ea94a37c7">
</p>

## Instructions

- Kindly fork and clone the repos first, on which you have decided to work on.
- You should create a new branch and do your work there, then the PR would be merging from your branch to repo's main branch.

- Create a pull request for the issues and/or instructions highlighted in the readme of the following projects. 
- Try to complete the `must do` tasks before you move further, because they will give you a very good foundational knowledge about git by visiting the repositories, and looking through the issues. 
- The issues are tagged *easy*, to *hard* depending on difficulty. 
- You should try to start by trying to solve the easy issues before progressing to the harder ones.

Choose from a wide range of projects in Git, Web Development, Web3, App Development, ML, and Scripting.

Keep an eye on the leaderboard to see how you're faring against the competition.

Climb to the top of the leaderboard and win some amazing prizes! 


### Special Instructions for `to-be-assigned` labelled issues:
- If the issue has a `to-be-assigned` label, ask for the issue to be assigned to you, and start working on it only after you recieve confirmation that you have been assigned. These issues will be assigned only to 3 participants on a first come first serve basis, and each of them will have to submit a PR fixing it within 3 hours from the time of assignment. (You can ask for more time if you require it)

- If you realise after getting yourself assigned an issue, that you cannot work on it due to any reason, be sure to unassign yourself, to give a chance to others who may want to work on the issue. Also leave a comment informing everyone that this issue is again open to assignment.

## Good practices (must read before starting)
- **Write clear and concise pull request descriptions**: Explain the changes you made, and how they impact the project. You may add a SS, gif or a small video of your changes made if possible.
- **Mention issue numbers**: When creating a PR, [reference the issue number](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) (for eg: `fixes #123`) in your PR description which lets github know to automatically close the issue when your PR is merged.
- **Use descriptive and concise commit messages**: Summarize the changes made in each commit, including the issue number if applicable.
- **Create separate branches for new features**: create a new branch from main/master for each new features or bug fixes you are working on.
- **Regularly merge from the main branch**: To keep your branches up-to-date, regularly merge changes from the main branch into your feature branches.

### Repos

1. Web3
- https://github.com/iiitl/Realty

2. App Dev
- https://github.com/iiitl/translate_app - The repository contains a Flutter application designed for text translation, offering users a seamless and intuitive interface for translating messages into various languages.
- https://github.com/iiitl/Chat_buddy - ChatBuddy is a Flutter app facilitating real-time communication and interaction among users through Firebase services.
- https://github.com/iiitl/Jumble-Words - Jumble Words is a single player game app made using kotlin that displays scrambled words. To play the game, player has to make a word using all the letters from the displayed scrambled word.
- https://github.com/iiitl/Media-Player

4. ML
- https://github.com/iiitl/Classification
- https://github.com/iiitl/Regression

5. Web Dev
- https://github.com/iiitl/Wollete
- https://github.com/iiitl/crypto_project_foss_weekend
- https://github.com/iiitl/Sattebazi
- https://github.com/iiitl/snake-game-js - A classic Snake game built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This simple game allows players to control a snake,  eat food and grow longer while avoiding collisions.
- https://github.com/iiitl/GitHub-finder
- https://github.com/iiitl/mern-auth - A MERN stack project featuring user authentication and a CRUD application for basic task management.
- https://github.com/iiitl/NOTE-GENERATOR
